docs: additions on account expiry alerts and account auto-disable jobs [DHIS2-11589] (#802)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/user/scheduling.md

All users that have not logged in for that number of months or longer will be disabled by the job.
Disabled users will no longer be able to log into the system.

The _Reminder days before_ parameter can be set to send a reminder email to

> those users that are about to expire in within the number of days set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Reminder days before_ parameter can be set to send a reminder email to
those users the specified number of days before their account is due to expire.
```
